# ConSurv

## Purpose

`ConSurv` (abbreviation for "Continuous surveillance") is an IP-camera-management-system.

## Features

- Processing RTSP-streams
- Video-Recording
- Live-Video-Viewing in the browser
- Video-blacken

## Not implemented features

- Support for TLS-encrypted streams (RTSPS)
- OpenID-Login
- Usage of gpu if available
- Motion-detection
- Video-control using ONVIF-commands for cameras which supports ONVIF
- Smartphone-app which has all features from the user-area
- UI-translation for common languages
- Being able to change group-memberships of users
- Design (including logo/favicon/dark-mode)

## Development

### Additional information

See the codeunit-specific information:

- [ConSurvBackend](./ConSurvBackend/ReadMe.md)
- [ConSurvFrontend](./ConSurvFrontend/ReadMe.md)
- [ConSurvClient](./ConSurvClient/ReadMe.md)
- [ConSurv](./ConSurvx/ReadMe.md)

### Run locally

In short:

Step 1:

Build ConSurv.

- Run the build-script by running `task BaseBuildAllCodeunits` (or shorter: `task bb`). This includes all tests, linting-checks and so on.
- Create an entry into your local `hosts`-file to make the domain `consurv.test.local` get resolved to `127.0.0.1`.
- Add the development-certificate (`Other/Resources/CA/ConSurvCA_xxx.crt`) which was newly generated by the build-script to your trusted-root-CA-certificates-store.

Step 2:

Start ConSurv.

If you just want to run ConSurv locally:

- Run `task BaseExampleStart` (or shorter: `task beu`). This starts the ConSurv-backend and -frontend including a PostgreSQL-database locally in a container. (See the [ReadMe.md](./ConSurv/Other/Reference/ReferenceContent/Examples/MinimalDockerComposeFile/ReadMe.md) for this example.)

If you want to debug the frontend or backend instead:

- Create the dockernetwork `consurv_net` (by running `docker network create consurv_net`).
- Start the backend in your IDE, see the [hints](./ConSurvBackend/Other/Reference/ReferenceContent/Hints.md) for developer.
- Start the frontend in your IDE, see the [hints](./ConSurvFrontend/Other/Reference/ReferenceContent/Hints.md) for developer.
- Run `task LocaltestserviceReverseProxyStart` (or shorter: `task lru`) to make the backend and frontend accessable on the same port.

Step 3:

Finished.

Open `https://consurv.test.local` in your browser. You should see the homepage of the frontend.

You can now also use the REST-API directly. The graphical API-documentation should be available on `https://consurv.test.local/API`.

## Reference

The OpenDMS-reference can be found [here](./Other/Resources/Reference/Reference.md).

## Build

This product requires to use `scbuildcodeunits` implemented/provided by [ScriptCollection](https://github.com/anionDev/ScriptCollection) to build the project.

## Changelog

See the [Changelog-folder](./Other/Resources/Changelog).

## Contribute

Contributions are always welcome.

See [Contributing.md](./Contributing.md) for information about that.

## Repository-structure

This product uses the [CommonProjectStructure](https://projects.aniondev.de/PublicProjects/Common/ProjectTemplates/-/blob/main/Conventions/RepositoryStructure/CommonProjectStructure/CommonProjectStructure.md) as repository-structure.

## Branching-system

This product follows the [GitFlowSimplified](https://projects.aniondev.de/PublicProjects/Common/ProjectTemplates/-/blob/main/Conventions/BranchingSystem/GitFlowSimplified/GitFlowSimplified.md)-branching-system.

## Image-properties

The image-artifacts of this product must fulfill the image-properties defined by [DefaultImageUsabilityRequirements](https://projects.aniondev.de/PublicProjects/Common/ProjectTemplates/-/blob/main/Conventions/ImageProperties/DefaultImageUsabilityRequirements/DefaultImageUsabilityRequirements.md).

## Versioning

This product follows the [SemVerPractise](https://projects.aniondev.de/PublicProjects/Common/ProjectTemplates/-/blob/main/Conventions/Versioning/SemVerPractise/SemVerPractise.md)-versioning-system.

## License

See [License.txt](./License.txt) for license-information.
